## AI-GO

### Overview

In the Shape Crafting quest, you will learn the basics of HTML, CSS, and
JavaScript. You will create web structures, apply styles, and enhance your
coding skills. You will practice using IDs, classes, and dynamic interactions.

In the Building Power quest, you will use AI tools to improve your learning. You
will declare variables, apply math operators, and manipulate strings. You will
explore functions and conditional statements, which will help you build dynamic
programs.

In the Motion Magic quest, you will learn to manipulate HTML elements. You will
gain skills in adding event listeners, changing text, and modifying CSS styles.
You will manage displays and generate random colors, while reinforcing your
understanding of the DOM and problem-solving.

In Robots Harmony, you will collaborate by combining robot creations into a
gallery. You will use HTML and CSS for styling and JavaScript for interactivity.
This quest emphasizes teamwork and creativity, while enhancing your coding and
version control skills.

### Content

#### Shape Crafting

In the Shape Crafting quest, you will learn the basics of HTML, CSS, and
JavaScript. You will create a robot structure using HTML tags, apply styles with
CSS, and enhance your coding skills with JavaScript commands. You will practice
using IDs and classes, nesting elements, and creating dynamic interactions. This
quest will build a strong foundation for your programming journey.

#### Building Power

In this quest, you will learn to use AI tools for better learning by creating
prompts and enhancing your understanding of JavaScript. You will practice
declaring variables, using math operators, manipulating strings, and managing
objects and arrays. You will also explore functions and conditional statements
to control program flow. Each exercise builds your coding skills, enabling you
to create dynamic and organized programs.

#### Motion Magic

In "Motion Magic," you will learn to manipulate HTML elements using JavaScript,
focusing on selecting by ID. You will gain skills in adding event listeners,
dynamically changing text, and modifying CSS styles for a better visual effect.
Through exercises, you will manage element displays, generate random colors, and
strengthen your understanding of the Document Object Model (DOM) and event
handling. You will also enhance your problem-solving skills by planning your
code before writing. Each exercise builds on the previous one, making your robot
interact by winking, greeting, and changing colors.

#### Robots Harmony

In this final milestone, you will learn to collaborate effectively by combining
your individual robot creations into a visually appealing gallery. You will set
up an HTML structure, style it with CSS, and add interactivity using JavaScript.
This activity emphasizes teamwork, communication, and creativity, as you
showcase your robots while utilizing various coding concepts. Additionally, you
will enhance your skills in coding tools and version control as you submit your
project.
