# Shape Crafting

Welcome to the `Shape Crafting` Quest!

On this first day of our adventure, you’re on a thrilling mission to bring a robot friend from the world of imagination down to Earth—and you have one day to complete his shape! Picture this: you’re like a modern-day Dr. Frankenstein, but instead of using bolts and lightning, you’ll be using the magic of code!

Today, each exercise will brings you closer to your goal. You’ll learn the fundamentals of coding, and with every step, you’ll see your robot friend taking shape. From setting up its core structure to adding its first movement!

Get ready to make some magic happen and bring your robot friend to life today! Ready to start? Let’s go!

### Challenge mode

> Brainpower mode : In this mode you can only use online resources and/or learning material we suggest and of course peer collaboration.Your mission is to solve the exercises and achieve your today's goal using your full brainpower and team work.

### Overview

You will learn many key skills from these exercises:

- **HTML Basics**: You will create a basic robot structure, customizing the
  `<head>` and `<title>` tags, and organizing the robot into sections using
  `<section>`.

- **Using `id` Attributes**: You will understand how to uniquely identify
  elements using the `id` attribute, improving your ability to target elements
  in your code.

- **CSS Styling**: You will learn to create and link a CSS file, applying styles
  to your robot with colors and sizes, using different types of selectors.

- **Nesting Elements**: You will practice nesting HTML elements, enhancing your
  understanding of element hierarchy while styling with CSS Flexbox.

- **CSS Classes**: You will create CSS classes to style multiple elements
  efficiently, demonstrating the power of classes to avoid repetition in your
  code.

- **JavaScript Basics**: You will explore basic JavaScript concepts, such as
  numbers and booleans, enhancing your coding skills through simple commands.

- **Dynamic Interactions**: You will learn to control your robot’s features
  using JavaScript, making your project interactive and deepening your
  programming knowledge.

### Content

#### the-skeleton

The goal of this exercise is to create the basic structure of a robot using
HTML. You will learn to customize the `<head>` and `<title>` tags, giving your
robot a unique power. Additionally, you will organize the robot's shape into
three sections: face, upper body, and lower body, using `<section>` tags in the
`<body>`. This foundation is crucial for developing your project further.

#### call-it

The goal of this exercise is to help you understand how to uniquely identify
elements on your webpage using the `id` attribute. You will practice removing
text content from tags and setting that content as the value of the `id`. This
will enhance your ability to target and interact with elements within your HTML
structure.

#### select-then-style

The goal of this exercise is to style your robot friend using CSS. You will
create a CSS file and link it to your HTML. You will apply styles to give your
robot sections unique colors and sizes, making it look more lifelike. You will
also learn to use different types of selectors for precise styling.

#### embedded-organs

The goal of this exercise is to teach you how to organize HTML elements by
nesting them inside each other, similar to how organs are structured in a body.
You will create a robot structure in HTML, style it using CSS Flexbox for
alignment, and practice customizing background colors. This process improves
your coding skills and helps you understand element hierarchy.

#### class-it

The goal of this exercise is to practice using CSS classes to style multiple
HTML elements with similar properties. You will create three classes for
elements like eyes, arms, and legs to avoid repeating style rules. You will also
utilize a shared class for additional styling. This reinforces efficiency in
coding and demonstrates the power of classes in CSS.

#### glance-on-power

The goal of this exercise is to help you learn basic concepts in JavaScript by
coding simple commands for your robot friend. You will explore values such as
numbers, booleans, and strings. You will practice creating a program that
displays text, a number, and a boolean. This will enhance your coding skills and
prepare you for future projects.

#### first-move

The goal of this exercise is to practice using JavaScript to control a robot's
features. You will learn to target HTML elements, change their styles, and add
classes with JavaScript. By closing your robot's left eye using simple code, you
will understand how JavaScript interacts with HTML and CSS, making your robot
dynamic and interactive. This exercise is a step towards building your skills in
programming.
